#summary Notes on installation of MythDroid

==MythTV Version==

!MythDroid 0.2 supports MythTV 0.21.
<br>
!MythDroid trunk supports 0.21, 0.22 and MythTV trunk.

==MythTV Configuration==

You must enable the 'Enable frontend network control' option in each frontend's general settings.

==MDD==

[http://mythdroid.googlecode.com/files/mdd-0.1.pl mdd] is a perl program that, once installed on a frontend, provides mythdroid with extended
functionality. This includes 'push' updates for TV remote, more detail about current location in Nav remote, song information in Music remote and video browsing / playback functionality. To install mdd, download it to a frontend and run it as root:

{{{
perl /path/to/mdd-0.1.pl
}}}

For mdd to function, you must ensure that the following settings in the LCD page under Setup -> Appearance are enabled on the frontend:

 * Enable LCD device
 * Display time
 * Display menus
 * Display music artist and title (items = Artist - Title) 
 * Display channel information

==MythTV 0.21 Specific Notes==

For the program guide viewer to function correctly, you must apply [http://mythdroid.googlecode.com/files/xml-guide.patch this patch] to the MythTV 0.21 fixes source code.

Once you have checked out a copy of release-0-21-fixes, apply the patch like so:

{{{
cd /path/to/release-0-21-fixes
patch -p1 < xml-guide.patch
}}}

and then follow the normal steps to configure, build and install MythTV.

mdd will check these settings during installation and let you know if you need to take action.

==MythTV >= 0.22 Specific Notes==

MythTV 0.22 has some bugs in the network control feature. Apply [http://mythdroid.googlecode.com/files/myth-netcontrol-2.patch this patch] so that !MythDroid is able to initiate recording playback properly. The bugs were fixed by MythTV
r23381 so users of MythTV trunk >= r23381 (or 0.23 when it's released) need not apply any patches.

==Installation==

==== !MythDroid trunk ====

You can install !MythDroid trunk to your device by checking out the source code (via Eclipse with the [http://subclipse.tigris.org/ SubClipse] and [http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing.html Android ADT] plugins), connecting your device and running !MythDroid on it. The subversion URL for trunk is http://mythdroid.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ mythdroid-read-only


==== !MythDroid 0.2 ====

Download the [http://mythdroid.googlecode.com/files/MythDroid-0.2.apk MythDroid APK] and install using adb (from the Android SDK) or an application from the Market. Alternatively check out the 0.2 source using subversion URL http://mythdroid.googlecode.com/svn/branches/0.2 mythdroid-read-only