#summary Details about MDD

= MDD =

MDD is designed to run on every backend and frontend and 'push' a range of information that either cannot be accessed remotely by !MythDroid or that !MythDroid would otherwise have to poll for. This information includes detailed frontend location, details about currently playing programs and music (including album art), progress information, etc. 

In addition MDD can run arbitary commands on frontends (see below) and allows !MythDroid to browse videos and schedule recordings.

Whilst !MythDroid will work if MDD is not installed many features will not be available and performance will suffer. We therefore strongly recommend taking a few minutes to install and setup MDD.

== Installation ==

MDD makes use of the MythTV perl bindings so they must be installed. If you install MythTV from source, ensure that the --with-bindings=perl option was passed to configure. If you install !MythTV from packages, ensure that the perl bindings package is installed if available.

For MDD to function, you must ensure that the following settings in the LCD page under Setup -> Appearance are enabled on each frontend:

 * Enable LCD device
 * Display time
 * Display menus
 * Display music artist and title (items = Artist - Title) 
 * Display channel information

MDD will check these settings during installation and let you know if you need to take action.

So, to install, checkout or download [http://code.google.com/p/mythdroid/downloads/detail?name=mdd-0.4.2.tgz mdd] to each frontend (or combined backend/frontend) and then (as root):

{{{
tar zxf mdd-0.4.2.tgz
cd mdd
perl mdd.pl
}}}

*Note:* You will need to reinstall mdd each time you upgrade MythTV. See the details below for the reason. 

On a box that serves only as a backend:

{{{
tar zxf mdd-0.4.2.tgz
cd mdd
perl mdd.pl --backend
}}}

== Configuration ==

MDD requires no configuration. However, an example configuration file is installed to /etc/mdd.conf and can be modified by advanced users. 

== Frontend Commands ==

If you'd like to be able to run arbitary commands on frontends ('MDD commands' in !MythDroid), you'll need to define them. To do so, add them to /etc/mdd.conf, one command per line, using the following format:

{{{
command = name of command => command to run
}}}

For example, the following allows me to put an Ubuntu frontend to sleep:

{{{
command = Sleep => dbus-send --system --dest=org.freedesktop.DeviceKit.Power /org/freedesktop/DeviceKit/Power org.freedesktop.DeviceKit.Power.Suspend
}}}

Commands are run as the user running mythfrontend or as the 'mdd' user if mdd is run as root.

== Details ==

MDD operates by sitting between mythfrontend and mythlcdserver (during installation mythlcdserver is renamed to mythlcd and mdd is installed as mythlcdserver). MDD intercepts information that is sent to the LCD and makes it available to !MythDroid. Note that you don't need an LCD for this to work. 