#summary Guide to MythDroid settings

== !MythDroid Settings ==

=== Manual Backend Config ===

Most users won't need to use this setting since !MythDroid should 
automatically locate and connect to MythTV backends that are on 
the same LAN. 

If your backend is on a different network or you are connecting via a 
SSH tunnel you will need to set the 'Backend Address' to the hostname 
or IP address of the backend.

If you are connecting via a SSH tunnel to a backend behind NAT and wish 
to stream content to !MythDroid you will also need to set the 
'Backend Public Address' to the public hostname or IP address of your router.
See [StreamingGuide the streaming guide] for additional information.

=== Frontends Config ===

This is where you configure the frontends that you want !MythDroid to control.
To add a frontend, click 'Add frontend', give it a name and set the IP address 
or hostname. If you want to be able to wake the frontend remotely using 
Wake-On-LAN, you will also need to set the MAC address of the frontend.

You can also choose a default frontend, which is the frontend that actions 
will occur on unless otherwise specified. See [UserGuide the user guide] for
additional information.

=== OSD Settings ===

!MythDroid can display incoming calls and SMS on the MythTV OSD. You can 
disable these features here. You can also specify that !MythDroid should 
use the alternative XOSD-based method of displaying information (via MDD).
The XOSD-based method is useful if you are using a version of MythTV that 
does not have support for OSD messages (e.g. 0.24) or if you would like 
OSD messages to appear at all times (even when mythfrontend is not running).

=== Wake on movement ===

By default, !MythDroid will monitor the accelerometer and automatically wake 
and unlock your device if it is moved whilst in a remote control activity. 
You can disable this feature by unchecking this option.

=== Default Remote Styles ===

The TV and Nav remotes have two basic styles: button and gesture. You can 
select the default mode for each here. See [RemoteGuide the remotes guide]
for additional information.

=== Error Reporting ===

By default !MythDroid will offer to send the developers crash report 
information if !MythDroid crashes. You can disable this feature here.
