Streaming of recordings and video is performed via MDD on the backend, which uses ffmpeg and vlc to transcode and stream the media. For this to work, you'll need [MDD MDD], ffmpeg and vlc installed on your backend.

In !MythDroid, stream a recording or video by selecting "Here" from a frontend chooser (found by long pressing a recording or video or the 'play' button in a recording or video detail page).

Transcoding the video requires a hefty cpu on the backend; a reasonable dual-core is probably the minimum. 

No controls (except volume) are implemented so far so you can't pause, seek, etc. 

You should be able to stream any recording or video that ffmpeg can demux and decode (dvds ripped to iso won't work). If you have problems, check /tmp/ffmpeg.out and/or /tmp/vlc.out for more information. 

To stream over the Internet, you'll need to:

 * Forward ports 6543/tcp, 6544/tcp and 16546/tcp to your backend (either at your router or via SSH)
 * Forward port 5554/tcp to your backend (at your router - NOT via SSH)
 * Configure the public address of your backend in the manual backend configuration of !MythDroid
 * Hope that your carrier doesn't block RTSP or RTP streams

We recommend forwarding ports via SSH for the sake of security. We use [http://code.google.com/p/connectbot/ ConnectBot] for this. Note that 5554/tcp must not be forwarded via SSH and must be port forwarded at your router. In addition, the public address of your backend (i.e. of your router) must be configured in the !MythDroid manual backend configuration.